
 CSC110 Project
    The pandemic saw a massive decrease in the profit margins of many major corporations and the only way that the corporations dealt with that was to fire the non-essential employees and underpay the remaining. This was the case with the majority of the population of Canada during the peak of the pandemic, either out of a job or severely underpaid in their current one.
 
 At that rate, even if the virus did not get them, the emotional overload certainly would.
    We've all had to give some of our major exams and had to do our college applications in the pandemic, which was a pretty bizarre experience. Some of us were impacted negatively due to this as the stress and uncertainty of COVID on top of our exams and decisions was overwhelming. We thought that if we found it so mentally draining, what about the individuals who have to earn their own bread and couldn't because of COVID, how much more stressful would that be, how would that affect mental health.
    It is from this thought process that our idea originated and we chose to correlate the jobs lost and the wages reduced due to Covid-19 to the mental health of individuals in Canada. We wanted to get a better understanding on how Covid-19 has caused major mental pressure on people, especially because covid caused many different financial struggles in our world. Due to the nature of unemployment being a bad circumstance, we believe that mental health is more greatly affected by it than people may think. The pressure on the finance world caused by covid-19 we believe surely caused a lot of unemployment, thus causing more deteriorated mental health. This is what we want to display within our project.
    The research question that my group has chosen is: How did the jobs lost and the wages reduced due to COVID impact the mental health of individuals in Canada.
